hey folks is mountain Dan coming at you
today a real short and sweet video but I
just wanted to highlight a few things
I'm testing out some new microphones
I've been working with shure sm58 which
is an all-time workhorse it's pretty
much a do anything be anywhere kind of
microphone however I'm finding myself
involved in more and more projects that
require a little bit more of a
professional touch whereas the sm58 is a
great all-rounder and a really cool live
microphone for studio applications it
can get a little Airy let's just say
that so right now on loan from data dirt
that's Richie pet tower I have an audio
technica at2020 so this video kind of
serves two purposes is letting you guys
hear how it sounds and it's also
allowing me to hear how it sounds on the
playback one thing I wanted to point out
and Richie brought to my attention was
the use of a pop filter so right now as
you can see it's this thing right here I
am using the pop filter so let's just
pronunciate a few P sounds like porridge
and pudding and party and then I'll give
you the same sentence see if I can
remember all of those without the pop
filters that's porridge party porcupine
pleasantries clearly I can't remember
what I just said in any case we're going
to put that pop filter back on there and
yeah so I'm overall pretty darn
satisfied with this microphone thus far
it ranges around the hundred dollar mark
although I'm sure you can get it cheaper
elsewhere and you'll probably pay a
little bit more somewhere else I'm also
going to look at the AKG p220 that has a
couple features that the audio technica
does not a couple switches some low end
roll-off fancy things like that and it's
also designed here in Vienna Austria so
there's a little bit of got a little bit
of leaning to buy a home
product so anyway that's my test for
today of the audio technica at2020